[TW-1556] Create overview for collaborating in postman (#5379)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/collaborating-in-postman/collaborate-in-postman-overview.md

---
title: "Collaborate in Postman"
updated: 2024-01-25
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: "Additional resources"
  - type: subtitle
    name: "Videos"
  - type: link
    name: "Working With Your Team in Postman | The Exploratory"
    url: "https://youtu.be/5lscUV-Exac"
  - type: link
    name: "Postman Intergalactic | Working with Your Team in Postman"
    url: "https://youtu.be/OifhKJCd_-M"
  - type: link
    name: "Collaboration & Documentation | Postman Enterprise"
    url: "https://youtu.be/u1yEOo0dPfk"
  - type: dynamic_blog
    name: "Blog posts"
    blog_tag: "collaboration"
  - type: subtitle
    name: "Case Studies"
  - type: link
    name: "PayPal uses Postman collaboration capabilities"
    url: "https://www.postman.com/case-studies/paypal/"
---

> Postman has a variety of features that enable you to [collaborate with your team and API consumers](https://www.postman.com/api-platform/api-collaboration/). You can customize your workspace visibility, the roles assigned to collaborators, and more. With these features, you can tailor your collaboration strategy to each project's specific goals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Postman enables you to organize your work and [collaborate with your team and API consumers](https://www.postman.com/api-platform/api-collaboration/) using workspaces. You can customize your workspace visibility, assign roles to collaborators, share your workspaces, and employ version control on the APIs you collectively design. With these features, you can tailor your collaboration strategy to each project's specific goals.
```

## Contents

* [Collaborate with your team](#collaborate-with-your-team)
* [Organize your projects using workspaces](#organize-your-projects-using-workspaces)
* [Define roles and permissions](#define-roles-and-permissions)
* [Share your workspaces and elements](#share-your-workspaces-and-elements)
* [Build APIs using Postman's version control](#build-apis-using-postmans-version-control)

## Collaborate with your team

> You can [collaborate with team members](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/working-with-your-team/collaboration-overview/) by creating and joining team workspaces and discussing your work with comments. You can also improve your team's onboarding experience with team discovery, enabling users in your organization to request to join your Postman team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can [collaborate with team members](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/working-with-your-team/collaboration-overview/) by creating and joining team workspaces and discussing your work using the **Comments** feature. You can also set up your team's onboarding experience using team discovery, enabling users in your organization to request to join your Postman team.
```

## Organize your projects using workspaces

> You can [organize your projects using workspaces](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/using-workspaces/creating-workspaces/), enabling you to collaborate with teammates or anyone in the Postman community. Use the visibility setting for a workspace to determine who can access it. You can create a workspace from scratch, or you can choose a workspace template to help you get started. You can also view changelogs for collections, workspaces, and APIs, enabling you to review actions taken on elements in your workspaces.

Reviewer: Consider organizing this list as a bullet-point list for easier scanning, Alternatively, consider varying word choice to avoid the “you can” repetition.

## Define roles and permissions

> You can define the [roles and permissions](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/) assigned to team members at the team, workspace, and element levels. You can also define roles and permissions that relate to Partner Workspaces and the Private API Network.

Reviewer: Consider varying word choice or creating a list to avoid “you can” repetition.
